Array remove nullish (#73)
lokalise/node-core: docs/array-utils.md

```

Splits `array` by passed `chunkSize` and run callback asynchronously for every chunk in a sequential order.

`removeNullish<const T>(array: readonly (T | null | undefined)[]): T[]`

Returns a copy of the given array without null or undefined values.
```typescript
const array = ['', false, null, 'valid', 1, undefined, 0]
console.log(removeNullish(array)) // result: ['', false, 'valid', 1, 0]
```

> `removeNullish<const T>(array: readonly (T | null | undefined)[]): T[]`
> 
> Return a copy of the given array without falsy values (eg: false, 0, '', null, undefined).
> ```typescript
> const array = ['', false, null, 'valid', 1, undefined, 0]
> console.log(removeNullish(array)) // result: ['valid', 1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`removeFalsy<const T>(array: readonly (T | null | undefined)[]): T[]`

Return a copy of the given array without falsy values (eg: false, 0, '', null, undefined).
```typescript
const array = ['', false, null, 'valid', 1, undefined, 0]
console.log(removeFalsy(array)) // result: ['valid', 1]
```

Author: Ups, I am sorry, and thank you so much Igor 🙇
